Isn't it hot?
Mr. Xue Zhilong
You don't think
I really let you go so easily, what are you doing?
Of course, spending spring and summer with you
How are you
Your little trick means nothing to me
You drank my water
Aphrodisiac was in that glass of water
I am a dragon
All poisons are invulnerable
Isn't it just a glass of water with aphrodisiac added?
How could this be?
I sit there all for you
I just want you to come back to me
If it weren't for the fact that you are a woman
I'll do it now.
Your methods are so despicable
Can't get into my eyes at all
I thought you really regretted jumping off the building
Hmm, I didn't expect you to still be like this
But also
I should have known you were such a person
Xue Zhilong, I was wrong
Can you give me another chance?
Don't you think you're great?
I'd like to see it
Without me
Can you make your own way through the building?